happy birthday grandma it's better to be
over the hill buried under it
you're not a grandmother no I know
because to be a grandmother you have to
be married and have children and I don't
have any of those things
all you had to do was buy the card okay
you know what I realize it was stupid to
get upset about not having a husband and
kids all I really needed was a plan see
I want to have three kids well then let
me guess and you want to have them all
at the same time and you want to have
them for your brother
I should probably the first of the three
kids by the time I'm 35 right excuse me
five years so if I want to have a kid
when I'm 35 I don't have to get pregnant
until I'm 34 which gives Prada four
years to start making maternity clothes
oh wait but now I do want to be married
for a year before I get pregnant really
that long look all you want it's
happening no so I don't have to get
married until I'm 33 that's three years
that's three whole years oh wait a
minute though
I'll late a year and a half to plan the
wedding I'd like to know the guy for
like a year year and a half before we
get engaged which means I need to meet
the guy by the time I'm 30 which is fine
because you just turned 28 no it is not
fine that according to my plan I should
already be with the guy that I'm gonna
marry
are you cutting it
come on range my turn just started I
just want to talk to tech oh okay hey
can I ride this outside whatever okay
I'm not your mother hey hey how you
doing are you feeling any better
yeah I'm doing okay let's talk Oh
tag you're such a great guy and we have
so much fun together but I can't wait I
think I see where you're going but
before you say anything else can I just
say one more thing
well said and a good example of the fun
I was referring to but I just think I'm
past the point where I can you know just
have fun
Rachel don't do this this is just
because you're turning 30
yeah it is but you're just a kid I mean
25 24 X Oh God
you know what I wish I wish you were six
years older well actually if I'm wishing
for stuff I actually wish I was six
years younger
me too sorry
Hey
let it go if I only want to kids can I
keep him for another year you did the
right thing don't like this anymore
well here we are just a bunch of thirty
year olds Wow do you realize in ten
years we're gonna be 40